release: v1.47.0 (#5180)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bryn_json_schema.md

### Make json schema small ([PR #5061](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5061))

The json schema for the router.yaml is reduced in size from approx 100k lines to just over 7k.

This reduces the startup time of the Router and a smaller schema is more friendly for code editors.

> By [@BrynCooke](https://github.com/BrynCooke) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5061

Reviewer: @BrynCooke Let's call this what it is.  We introduced a bug that caused a baseline memory footprint increase in Router 1.46.0. (And reference the issue)

Reviewer 2: text was changed

> ### Make json schema small ([PR #5061](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5061))
> 
> The json schema for the router.yaml is reduced in size from approx 100k lines to just over 7k.
> 
> This reduces the startup time of the Router and a smaller schema is more friendly for code editors.
> 
> By [@BrynCooke](https://github.com/BrynCooke) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5061

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Json schema size ([PR #5061](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5061))

As we add more features to the router the size of the router yaml and related json schema grows.
In particular, adding [conditionals to telemetry)[https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4987] in 1.46.0 significantly increased this size of the schema. This has a noticeable impact on initial memory footprint, although it does not impact service of requests.

The json schema for the router.yaml has been optimized from approximately 100k lines down to just over 7k.

This reduces the startup time of the Router and a smaller schema is more friendly for code editors.

By [@BrynCooke](https://github.com/BrynCooke) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5061
```

Reviewer: Markdown error in there.

Reviewer: I just went ahead and edited it.
